content/publication.md, before:

+++
title = "Publication"
slug = "publication"
+++

Here is a selection of my publication:

- Pane, Yudha, Vahid Mokhtari, Erwin Aertbeliën, Joris De Schutter, and
Wilm Decré. 2021. “Autonomous Runtime Composition of Sensor-Based Skills
Using Concurrent Task Planning.” *IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters*
6 (4): 6481–88. <https://doi.org/10.1109/LRA.2021.3094498>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Roman Manevich, Luís Seabra Lopes, and Armando J.
Pinho. 2019. “Learning the Scope of Applicability for Task Planning
Knowledge in Experience-Based Planning Domains.” In *2019 IEEE/RSJ
International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)*,
3973–79. <https://doi.org/10.1109/IROS40897.2019.8968013>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luis Seabra Lopes, and Armando J. Pinho. 2017. “An
Approach to Robot Task Learning and Planning with Loops.” In *2017
IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems
(IROS)*, 6033–38. <https://doi.org/10.1109/IROS.2017.8206501>.

- ———. 2017. “Learning Robot Tasks with Loops from Experiences to Enhance
Robot Adaptability.” *Pattern Recognition Letters* 99: 57–66.
<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patrec.2017.06.003>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luı́s Seabra Lopes, and Armando J Pinho. 2016.
“Experience-Based Planning Domains: An Integrated Learning and
Deliberation Approach for Intelligent Robots.” *Journal of Intelligent &
Robotic Systems* 83 (3): 463–83.
<https://doi.org/10.1007/s10846-016-0371-y>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luís Seabra Lopes, and Armando J. Pinho. 2016.
“Experience-Based Robot Task Learning and Planning with Goal Inference.”
In *Proceeding of the 26th International Conference on Automated
Planning and Scheduling (ICAPS)*, 509–17.
<https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/3038594.3038658>.

Retrieve a full list of my publications by accessing my [Google
Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=3h_rtHoAAAAJ&hl=en)
profile.

Commit message:

Added the publication entry on safe-planner.

content/publication.md, after:

+++
title = "Publication"
slug = "publication"
+++

Here is a selection of my publication:

- Pane, Yudha, Vahid Mokhtari, Erwin Aertbeliën, Joris De Schutter, and
Wilm Decré. 2021. “Autonomous Runtime Composition of Sensor-Based Skills
Using Concurrent Task Planning.” *IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters*
6 (4): 6481–88. <https://doi.org/10.1109/LRA.2021.3094498>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Ajay Sathya, Nikolaos Tsiogkas, and Wilm Decré. 2021.
“Safe-Planner: A Single-Outcome Replanner for Computing Strong Cyclic
Policies in Fully Observable Non-Deterministic Domains.” In *Proceedings
of the 20th International Conference on Advanced Robotics (ICAR)*,
974–81. IEEE. <https://doi.org/10.1109/ICAR53236.2021.9659475>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Roman Manevich, Luís Seabra Lopes, and Armando J.
Pinho. 2019. “Learning the Scope of Applicability for Task Planning
Knowledge in Experience-Based Planning Domains.” In *2019 IEEE/RSJ
International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)*,
3973–79. <https://doi.org/10.1109/IROS40897.2019.8968013>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luis Seabra Lopes, and Armando J. Pinho. 2017. “An
Approach to Robot Task Learning and Planning with Loops.” In *2017
IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems
(IROS)*, 6033–38. <https://doi.org/10.1109/IROS.2017.8206501>.

- ———. 2017. “Learning Robot Tasks with Loops from Experiences to Enhance
Robot Adaptability.” *Pattern Recognition Letters* 99: 57–66.
<https://doi.org/10.1016/j.patrec.2017.06.003>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luı́s Seabra Lopes, and Armando J Pinho. 2016.
“Experience-Based Planning Domains: An Integrated Learning and
Deliberation Approach for Intelligent Robots.” *Journal of Intelligent &
Robotic Systems* 83 (3): 463–83.
<https://doi.org/10.1007/s10846-016-0371-y>.

- Mokhtari, Vahid, Luís Seabra Lopes, and Armando J. Pinho. 2016.
“Experience-Based Robot Task Learning and Planning with Goal Inference.”
In *Proceeding of the 26th International Conference on Automated
Planning and Scheduling, ICAPS2016*, 509–17.
<https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/3038594.3038658>.


Retrieve a full list of my publications by accessing my [Google
Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=3h_rtHoAAAAJ&hl=en)
profile.
